Issue 474: fix passing of args to `baselinenowcast()` (#475)
epinowcast/baselinenowcast: NEWS.md

# baselinenowcast 0.2.2000

## Package

> - Fix bugs in `baselinenowcast.reporting_triangle()` and `baselinenowcast.data.frame` which failed to pass the additional arguments to `estimate_uncertainty()` and `sample_nowcasts()` through to their subsequent calls. This meant that specifying the `ref_time_aggregator` as something other than the default failed to work as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed argument passing in `baselinenowcast.reporting_triangle()` and `baselinenowcast.data.frame` to `estimate_uncertainty()` and `sample_nowcasts()`.
```
